style: run prettier on web/api/a-d (#20543)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/animation/starttime/index.md

## Reduced time precision

To offer protection against timing attacks and fingerprinting, the precision of `animation.startTime` might get rounded depending on browser settings.

> In Firefox, the `privacy.reduceTimerPrecision` preference is enabled by default and defaults to 20us in Firefox 59; in 60 it will be 2ms.

Reviewer: Side correction (not related to Prettier)
```suggestion
In Firefox, the `privacy.reduceTimerPrecision` preference is enabled by default and defaults to 20 µs in Firefox 59; in 60 it will be 2 ms.
```
